Next time you need it.
Remember to find me
Xiaoqi
Tang monks gather
Du Fu, your identity this time is a vicious female partner with a tyrannical texture, and the male protagonist Huo Chengze originally had a marriage contract
A year ago, the Xu family found out that they had held the wrong daughter
The Xu family's real money collection is someone else
It's called Tetri.
And Huo Chengze also fell in love with Li Li at first sight
I want to break off the engagement with the original owner and marry her
But Torii suffers from kidney disease
Only the townspeople of the original owner can match and take profits
Therefore, the original owner of Huo Chengze and the Qu family was actually raising a Shengyuan
True and false daughter is so bloody
What is the reason why the original owner was so drunk last night that he went to the clubhouse to find ducks?
The original owner found himself unmarried
The eyes that peeked at Qu Lili were particularly affectionate and ambiguous
In a fit of anger, he ran to the clubhouse to find the cowherd
Vice-master according to the original plot
The original owner will soon be coaxed by Huo Chengze
Soon after, Xu Lili had an accident and a car accident
Huo Chengze had to make a request for a kidney transplant to the original owner in advance
And promised to marry her as long as the original owner agreed to a kidney transplant
But after marriage, Huo Chengze was cold to the original owner
But I care about Qu Lili everywhere
In the end, the original owner is very black.
I know what's going on.
Vicious you deserve a cigarette
Occupying the identity of Hoteller and refusing to divorce
And humiliate and please
Finally, he killed himself
The final happy ending of the male and female protagonists
That's right, the host changes the tragic fate of the original host
Make Huo Chengze regret it
Regret. Regret has many different explanations.
I don't want him to come back to life
disgusting host
The novel has an attractive force
The original owner's wish is to make Huo Chengze regret having found true love
Understand true love
It didn't say it had to be scum love, did it?